# Lab 5


## List of Programs


### 1. [Weather Monitoring using Open Weather API](./open_weather_flow.json)

* To display the current weather conditions of any location in real-time using Open Weather API and its corresponding node in Node-Red.
* n the Open Weather Node, we specify the API Key obtained during registration in their website, and the location for where we would need the real time weather conditions. There are two types of this node, one which triggers as soon as we deploy the flow and the other which can be triggered only when necessary, or can be in the middle of a larger flow.
* Due to this nature of the node, we have two flows utilising both of these nodes separately.
* We have debug nodes to display the data in the debug window and also compass and gauges to display the data in the dashboard, in a newly created UI group (Weather) and UI palette (Climate).
*  Inject Node - This is used to start the flow and activate the other following connected nodes.
* We have a debug node to display the data in the debug window and also a gauge node(compass) to visualize the real time temperature (for example) in the UI Dashboard.
* Open Weather Node - This node is used to be the starting point of a flow.
* Function Node - Here the function node is used to analyse the weather data and then arrive at conclusions and even give some recommendations to the user. Like for example tell the user to carry an umbrella because of rainy conditions outside.
* Weather Output Nodes - These are a set of Debug node and a Gauge node, the debug node displays all the weather conditions data received from the Open Weather Node, while the Gauge node is used to visualize the temperature of the location.
* Weather Recommendation Output Nodes
These are a set of Debug, text and audio output nodes. These are used to display the recommendation message given out by the function node, and display it in the debug window, the UI dashboard and to provide a text to speech conversion of the recommendation to warn the user of any prevailing whether conditions outside.


### 2. [Estimation of Solar Power generation](./solar_power_flow.json)

* To display the current solar power forecast of the solar panels placed in any location in real-time using Solar Power Forecast Node in Node-Red, and visualize it in the Dashboard.
* In the Solar Power Forecast Node, we specify the latitude, longitude, altitude, panel area for the location for where we would need the data, and also the number of panels used, and the efficiency of the panel used.
* We have debug nodes to display the data in the debug window and also gauges to display the power data in the dashboard. For this, we would create a new UI Group called Solar which is still a part of the Climate UI.
*  Inject Node
This is used to start the flow and activate the other following connected nodes.
* Solar Power Forecast Node
Here we pass in the latitude, longitude, altitude, panel area for the location for where we would need the data, and also the number of panels used, and the efficiency of the panel used.
* Output Nodes
Here we have a set of 3 nodes, an audio out node and a gauge node, which are parts of the Node-Red Dashboard which is used to speak out and visualize respectively the power forecast which is derived by the Power forecast node.
* In the debug Window, provides the accurate value of the power generated by the panels placed in the provided location.
* In the Dashboard, a Gauge demonstrating the Power Currently generated by the panels placed in the provided location.
